ATS Class:
Attributes:
jobPost: string
cvProcessing: string
candidateMatching: string
userInterface: string
dataManagement: string
multilingualAccess: string
reportingAndAnalysis: string

ResumeBuilder Class:
Attributes:
cvCreation: string
customization: string
realTimePreview: string
dataImport: string
cvManagement: string
pdfExport: string
userAccountManagement: string
userInterface: string
security: string
Relationships:

ATS uses ResumeBuilder -> relation

JobPost Class:
Attributes:
jobID: int
title: string
description: string
requirements: list<string>
postedDate: date

Candidate Class:
Attributes:
candidateID: int
name: string
skills: list<string>
experience: list<string>
education: list<string>

CV Class:
Attributes:
CVid: int
format: string
content: string

Recruiter Class:
Attributes:
recruiterID: int
name: string
contactDetails: string

MatchAlgorithm Class:
Attributes:
algorithmID: int
criteria: list<string>
matchPercentage: float

User Class:
Attributes:
userID: int
name: string
email: string
password: string

AccountSettings Class:
Attributes:
settingsID: int
privacySettings: string
languagePreference: string
Relationships:

ATS is composed of JobPost, Candidate, CV, Recruiter, MatchAlgorithm
ResumeBuilder is composed of User, AccountSettings